4.x - Add docs on testing with file uploads. (#6928)
cakephp/docs: en/development/testing.rst

We use the ``JSON_PRETTY_PRINT`` option as CakePHP's built in JsonView will use
that option when ``debug`` is enabled.

Testing with file uploads
-------------------------

> Simulating file uploads is pretty easy when you're using the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simulating file uploads is straightforward when you use the default
```

Everything is simple once you know how to do it.
